I'm in Bristol, a port city in southwest England.
See this plaque? Remember this plaque - it will be important for a minute -
because the board and its copy mark it, is the fact that it exists
very literally, part of this city in New York.
The same board, second position, here at Waterside Plaza in New York.
You see, here, on the East River, there are a lot of landfills.
Originally, this whole part was a bit distant from the water,
but in the Second World War, US naval ships went to Bristol, seeing it was almost completely disbanded
and they really needed the burden to push them down the way back across the Atlantic,
so they took literally a shotgun, the brick of the bombed Bristole - and dangled on their ships,
bring them here, and just throw them in the East River.
This protrusion on the map here - This entire settlement has the same 60s and 70s
brick architecture, as well as Bristol because they were built at the same time - this resort here
and several streets in each direction, literally built on the ruins of Bristol.
I'm sitting on a piece of England here in New York. Something you might not know.
[Join2go]